GRAMMAR Nazi (or PARS?)

What is Grammar Nazi?:
	Context-free grammars are at the heart of compiler design. As such, being able to prototype, share, and test such grammars quickly is an asset to any compiler designer. Currently, though, there is no integrated platform to do this.
	Enter Grammar Nazi. Grammar Nazi will be a parse-tree visualization tool, with social networking elements. Users can create and save grammars by inputting the Extended Backus-Naur representation of their grammar. Once a grammar has been created, the user who created it can edit it at any time. However, anyone can see the grammar, and create inputs it. Grammar Nazi then takes these inputs, sends them to the server using AJAX, then parses them, generates a corresponding tree, and sends the tree back to the client using JSON. On top of this, users will be able to easily share their grammars with other users and comment on the grammars of others, to provide helpful feedback. 
	As such, Grammar Nazi will be an integrated platform that allows parse-tree visualization and the creation of a tighter compiler design community.

Who is the target audience?:
	The target audience is, primarily, compiler designers -- professional, amateur, hobbyist, and others.
	However, Grammar Nazi can also function as an educational tool. A secondary goal of Grammar Nazi is to be accessible to students unfamiliar with grammars and the nuances of parsing, with help pages and question threads where experience users can respond to any confusion.

How does it meet the minimum requirements?:
	Users can create accounts
	Users can add grammars to the database
	Users can make comments stored as persistent data
	Users can access grammars and other user accounts from the database
	Users can update their grammars and account information
	Users can delete their own grammars and accounts
	All of the above is done using AJAX

How does Grammar Nazi go beyond the requirements?:
	Grammar Nazi's primary feature is its parse-tree visualization and grammar sharing. As such, it will go beyond with quick tree graphics generation and a robust commenting system.
	Furthermore, Grammar Nazi provides a platform for compiler design communities to connect, the likes of which doesn't currently exist.